docs/source/index.rst, before:

Ray-Tracing Based RIS Optimization Tool for Coverage Enhancement Documentation
==============================================================================

Welcome to the RAFINE project's RIS optimization tool documentation! This guide provides step-by-step tutorials and detailed API documentation for the GUI's source code.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Getting Started
   
   installation  

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Tutorials
   
   tutorials/new_scenario_creation_via_blender
   tutorials/new_scenario_addition_to_the_code
   tutorials/modifying_element_spacing_from_sionna_source_code
   tutorials/computing_tx_cov_map
   tutorials/finding_target_points_via_clustering
   tutorials/computing_feasible_RIS_positions
   tutorials/showing_and_exporting_phase_profile
   tutorials/computing_combined_coverage
   tutorials/phase_error_performance_sensitivity_analysis
   tutorials/running_opt_algorithm

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: API Documentation
   
   api

Indices and tables
==================
* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`

Commit message:

Modified the documentation according to the new journal paper submission terms and new added features

docs/source/index.rst, after:

Ray-Tracing Based RIS Optimization Tool for Coverage Enhancement Documentation
==============================================================================

Welcome to the RAFINE project's RIS optimization tool documentation! This guide provides step-by-step tutorials and detailed API documentation for the GUI's source code. For more details, please refer to our journal paper, you can find the link below:

[Link]

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Getting Started
   
   installation  

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Tutorials
   
   tutorials/new_scenario_creation_via_blender
   tutorials/new_scenario_addition_to_the_code
   tutorials/modifying_element_spacing_from_sionna_source_code
   tutorials/computing_tx_cov_map
   tutorials/finding_target_points_via_clustering
   tutorials/computing_feasible_RIS_positions
   tutorials/showing_and_exporting_phase_profile
   tutorials/computing_combined_coverage
   tutorials/phase_error_performance_sensitivity_analysis
   tutorials/running_opt_algorithm

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: API Documentation
   
   api

Indices and tables
==================
* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`
